[2:17 PM, 8/5/2026] Vishal: Yo bro, ive built a basic live dashboard, created a new branch and uploaded it to that... do have  a look in your free time and let me know
[2:19 PM, 8/5/2026] Vishal: just a plain message of what ive done

pushed a load of stuff to a new branch, vishal-samuel/harmonisation. 

To see it:
git fetch origin
git switch vishal-samuel/harmonisation
Then just double click dashboard/index.html.  it opens straight in the browser.

What it is: a working company lookup. Search any company by name or number and you get one page with everything we know about it, including a timeline of every event in date order. It reads a prebuilt file, so no API calls, works offline, and gives the same answer every time.

Only 1 of the 7 source tiles is live right now (the Gazette, 19,097 companies with insolvency notices). The other 6 say "not connected yet" rather than "nothing found", because I didn't want it claiming we'd checked something we hadn't.

If you read one thing, read notebooks/nb11_blueprint.ipynb. It's the plan for how all our pipelines join up, written in plain English. Short version: nobody rewrites anything, we each add a small adapter that turns our existing output into rows in one shared table. Your NB05 schema is what we're building on.

The thing I found that actually matters: none of your data is on my machine and none of mine is on yours. Your duckdb lives in your Colab Drive, Sneha writes to her C: drive, Viktor's parquet is local to him. That's the real integration problem, not the schema. So when you get a chance, could you send me lloyds.duckdb? That one file lights up 4 tiles (contracts, hiring, property, trade marks). -- (THIS IM NOT SURE ABOUT IF I SHOULD TAKE FROM REPO OR JUST ASK EVERYONE TO SEND OUTPUTS???) dont take this para seriously.

Also widened the universe to include companies that aren't Active any more, so it's 1,493,972 now instead of 1,372,321. That's notebooks/build_widened_universe.py, which is your NB01 filter with the Active-only line taken out. I didn't touch your notebook.

One heads up, the Lloyds logo files aren't in the repo because it's public, so your copy will look a bit plain. I'll send them over separately.